[master] [CC] OTLP exporter docs added (#6133)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/observability/distributed-tracing.md

You will be able to see all traces. Detailed trace view will look like below.

![Azure Trace]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/mgw/trace-azure.png)

### OpenTelemetry protocol (OTLP)

 OTLP is a vendor agnostic protocol defined as a part of [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) project to publish telemetry data to any telemetry backend that supports OTLP. Most of the open source and commercial telemetry backends have native OTLP support or provide OTLP support in the form of a separate distribution. Refer the [OpenTelemetry vendor support](https://opentelemetry.io/vendors/) documentation for more information.

#### Configure Choreo Connect to publish OTLP traces to a jaegar backend

> 1. Update the docker compose files with the following configuration to start a jaegar service with OTLP gRPC collector enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the Docker compose files with the following configuration to start a Jaeger service with OTLP gRPC collector enabled.
```

    ```yaml tab="Configuration"
    jaeger:
      image: jaegertracing/all-in-one:1.37
      environment:
        - COLLECTOR_OTLP_ENABLED=true
      ports:
        - "16686:16686"
        - "4317:4317"
    ```

!!! Important

>     Please note that only jaeger versions >= 1.35 support OTLP gRPC telemetry data collection. Also it is required to set the environment variable `COLLECTOR_OTLP_ENABLED=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Note that only Jaeger versions 1.35 and above support OTLP gRPC telemetry data collection. Also, it is required to set the environment variable `COLLECTOR_OTLP_ENABLED=true`.
```
